Update Comss.one DNS (#307)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/general/dns-providers.md

### Comss.one DNS

> [Comss.one DNS](https://www.comss.ru/page.php?id=7315) – fast and secure DNS servers based on SmartDNS with access to AI services, protection from advertising, tracking, phishing and malicious sites, and support for encryption of DNS requests-over-HTTPS, DNS-over-TLS and DNS-over-QUIC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Comss.one DNS](https://www.comss.ru/page.php?id=7315) is a fast and secure DNS service based on SmartDNS with access to AI services, protection from advertising, tracking, phishing, and malicious websites. It supports the encryption of DNS-over HTTPS, DNS-over TLS, and DNS-over QUIC requests.
```

#### Geo-blocking bypass

> Access to AI, blocking malicious websites and phishing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to AI, blocking phishing and malicious websites
```

| Protocol | Address | |
|----------------|-------------------------------------|----------------|
| DNS, IPv4 | `83.220.169.155` and `212.109.195.93` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=83.220.169.155&name=dns.comss.one), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=212.109.195.93&name=dns.comss.one) |
| DNS-over-HTTPS | `https://dns.comss.one/dns-query` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=https://dns.comss.one/dns-query&name=dns.comss.one), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=https://dns.comss.one/dns-query&name=dns.comss.one) |
| DNS-over-TLS | `tls://dns.comss.one` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://dns.comss.one&name=dns.comss.one), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://dns.comss.one&name=dns.comss.one) |
| DNS-over-QUIC | `quic://dns.comss.one` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=quic://dns.comss.one&name=dns.comss.one), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=quic://dns.comss.one&name=dns.comss.one) |

#### Geo-blocking bypass with ad filtering

> Access to AI, blocking of ads, counters, malicious websites and phishing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access to AI, blocking of ads, counters, phishing and malicious websites 
```
